.TH VIRSH-SS 1 "June 2024"
.SH NAME
virsh-ss \- Send string to libvirt virtual machine
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
\fBvirsh-ss\fP \fIdomain string\fP [options]
\fBvirsh-ss\fP \fIdomain\fP -p [options]
.fi
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBvirsh-ss\fP is a wrapper for the \fBvirsh send-key\fP command which allows
sending ASCII strings, rather than symbolic character names.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB-h, --help\fP
Show usage information.
.TP
\fB-v, --version\fP
Print program and library version.
.TP
\fB-p, --prompt\fP
Get input string from standard input rather than command line arguments.
.TP
\fB-s, --secret\fP
Treat prompt input as sensitive data (input obfuscated and zeroed).
Must be used together with \fB-p\.
.TP
\fB-n, --newline\fP
Send a newline character after all input is sent.
.TP
\fB-l, --speed\fP
Maximum characters sent in a single \fBvirsh\fP command.
Increasing this parameter will improve performance but might cause instability.
Default value: 1. Maximum value: 15.
.SH ENVIRONMENT
.TP
\fBVIRSH\fP
Overrides \fBvirsh\fP binary name.
.SH EXAMPLES
.TP
Unlocking a LUKS encrypted VM without using the GUI.
\fBvirsh-ss\fP \fIdomain\fP -psn
.SH "BUG REPORTS"
Issue tracker: <https://github.com/vladaviedov/virsh-ss/issues>
.sp 1
If you are unable to use the issue tracker, you may mail reports to
<bugs at vladaviedov dot org>
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright (C) 2024 Vladyslav Aviedov
.SH LICENSE
\fBvirsh-ss\fP is distributed under the terms of the GNU GPL v3.
This is free software; see the source for copying conditions.
There is NO warranty; not even for MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.nf
\fBvirsh(1)\fP
<https://github.com/vladaviedov/virsh-ss>
.fi
